Tokyo Jihen or Tokyo Incidents (東京事変 Tōkyō Jihen) was a Japanese band created by Shiina Ringo. The band was originally comprised of the backing members of her Sugoroku Ecstasy Tour. The band's debut single, "Gunjo Biyori", was released in September 2004.

They disbanded on Febrary 29, 2012, after a final tour entitled Domestique Bon Voyage.

Dimension are a Japanese electric jazz group formed in Tokyo in 1992. The group comprises Takashi Masuzaki(Guitar), Akira Onozuka(Keyboards), Kazuki Katsuta(Sax).

T-SQUARE is a Japanese jazz fusion band that was formed in 1978 as THE SQUARE (which was changed into T-SQUARE in 1988). Its most successful lineup included guitarist Masahiro Andoh, bassist Mitsuru Sutoh, saxophonist, flutist and EWI player Takeshi Itoh, keyboardist Hirotaka Izumi, and drummer Hiroyuki Noritake.

Hiromi Uehara (上原ひろみ), born 26 March 1979, is a jazz composer and pianist born in Hamamatsu, Japan. She is known for her virtuosic technique, energetic live performances and blend of musical genres such as jazz, progressive rock, classical and fusion in her compositions.


Soil & "Pimp" Sessions is an energetic Japanese club jazz band that have started to receive international recognition. The band consists of six members: Shacho ("agitator"), Tabu Zombie (trumpet), Motoharu (sax), Josei (keyboards), Akita Goldman (double bass) and Midorin (drums).

The band was born out of Tokyo's club scene, when Shacho and Tabu Zombie started including live jam sessions in DJ sets. Gradually the other members were invited, the band line up was finalised and the DJ sets dropped.

The band's adrenalin-fueled live sets started to create a buzz on the Tokyo live scene, and in 2003 they became the first unsigned band to perform at Japan's Fuji Rock Festival. They were well received there and in the following months record companies were scrambling to offer contracts. JVC Victor won the battle, and summer 2004 saw the release of the mini-album Pimpin'.

The album was a critical and, for a jazz release, commercial success, and this together with constant touring paved the way for the release of their first full album, Pimp Master, in early 2005. The album captures the sheer power of their live performances as well as highlighting their individual musical talents. Two tracks in particular, "Waltz For Goddess" and their cover of "A Wheel Within a Wheel", caught the attention of DJs abroad; they began to receive heavy air-play on Gilles Peterson's Worldwide radio program on BBC Radio 1 in the U.K.

Summer 2005 was a busy time for the band, with the release of their second mini-album, Summer Goddess, and their first live dates outside Japan. Gilles Peterson invited them to play at Cargo in London, and Jazzanova invited them to play in Berlin.

They spent the rest of the year, touring in Japan and Europe, and they were also featured in the live broadcast of the Gilles Peterson Worldwide Awards in 2005, where they were awarded the John Peel Play More Jazz Award.

A second full album, Pimp of the Year, was released in spring 2006, showcasing sounds that showed a development of their sound, as well as one or two tracks that marked a new departure.

2006 also saw the official release of Pimp Master in Europe on Compost Records and the UK on Gilles Peterson's Brownswood Recordings label. They have continued touring constantly throughout the year, taking in Britain, Italy, France, Belgium, Germany, Slovakia and Croatia, as well as an appearance at the Montreux Jazz Festival.

March 2007 saw the release of their third full album, PIMPOINT, under the Victor Entertainment label. The album features thirteen solid tracks that follow suit with Soil & "Pimp" Sessions' unique heavy jazz sound.

Soil & "Pimp" Sessions' song "Paraiso"' is the opening theme for the anime Michiko to Hatchin.



Fox Capture Plan
Piano: Ryo Kishimoto(JABBERLOOP)
Double Bass : Hidehiro Kawai(Immigrant's Bossa Band)
Drums: Tsukasa Inoue(direction of the chord, nhhmbase)


JABBERLOOP is a Japanese club jazz band composed of five members (Sax, Trumpet, Keyboard, Bass and Drums). The band was formed in 2004 and they have performed at various private and public venues.

In 2007, they released a 12-inch EP, UGETSU, from the UK label Mukatsuku Records. The album attracted the media’s attention internationally, including Gilles Peterson's BBC Radio "WORLDWIDE".

In the same year, they released their first full-length album and infinite jazz… in Japan. World top DJs such as Gilles Peterson, Juergen (Jazzanova), and Patrick Forge (Da Lata) have picked up JABBERLOOP's music to play during their performances. They also won the "ADLIB AWARDS 2007 Domestic Club Dance Prize" (Japanese Jazz magazine ADLIB) in 2007.

In 2008, they released a compilation album, Infinite Works, which included recording of the most popular tracks from their debut album as well as tracks they have produced or remixed for other artists with a live reconstructed version.

Their second album Check This Out!! was released in March 2009. This includes the song "Shirokuma" which reached #1 on the iTunes Jazz chart in Japan, while the album itself reached #2 on the iTunes album chart.

JABBERLOOP made their debut in the U.S. at the end of 2009 w the release of the best album REVENGE of the SPACE MONSTER from Daruma Label. All songs were selected from their catalogue by U.S. staff.


HAYATO (piano) and HIRO (cajon) formed →Pia-no-jaC← in April 2005, and they specialize in instrumental music just as the duo's name suggests. The name is a combination of "piano" and "cajon", with the latter spelt backwards from the right.

Self-taught musically, the simple unit of only keyboards and percussion has crisp and energetic sounds, blending oriental flavors with Japanese spirits. The word "hybrid" best describes their music. Needless to say their live shows are the most striking, where technique, sound and performance are all highlighted at once.


Harumi Ueko is one of the first composers of the GuitarFreaks & DrumMania series. He contributed to least one song for every game of the series up to GuitarFreaksXG2 & DrumManiaXG2. He is well known for his jazz fusion songs.
Harumi was also a member of 亜熱帯マジ-SKA爆弾 (Anettai Maji-SKA Bakudan) alongside Hideyuki Ono and DokiDokiDokky, where he played the saxophone, trombone, and horns.
Outside of BEMANI, Harumi composed music for other KONAMI titles such as Ganbare Goemon, the SNES port of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Turtles in Time, and the Silent Scope series.
Harumi retired from KONAMI on June 15, 2012. He currently works as an independent sound engineer.

Naoyuki Sato is a video game composer for KONAMI who joined the company in 1999, where he worked on games like the Jikkyou Powerful Pro Yakyuu series and CODED ARMS. Prior to joining KONAMI, he worked as a free-lance music composer.
Naoyuki made his BEMANI debut in 2004 in pop'n music 10 CS with BEYOND THE EARTH. After a few years of writing various CS songs for beatmania IIDX and pop'n music, he started writing songs for the arcade versions too, and is now one of the most wide-spread BEMANI artists, writing songs for near every BEMANI series out there right now. His music ranges from "worldly" music, drum and bass, and some light J-POP.
From beatmania IIDX 20 tricoro through PENDUAL, Naoyuki was also a sound director of beatmania IIDX alongside Toshiyuki Kakuta (L.E.D.). It marked his first sound directing job in an arcade BEMANI game.
Naoyuki became part of the beatnation Records label on February 15th, 2014. Unlike all the new members, he joined the first generation team as its seventh member.
